Basic explanation of 59692 (#534)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-59692/index.md

---
title: Duplicate instance declarations

> summary: An instance has been defined twice for the same type.

Reviewer: It's not necessarily exactly twice, is it? A more precise way to describe this would be, perhaps:

```suggestion
summary: An instance of a class has been defined once again for the same type.
```

Reviewer: But for the compiler, there was an instance that it saw in the past, only it's very close past: maybe in the same .hs file (but maybe not). So, I don't see a problem here. But "multiple times" works for me too.
